Turning SKittlebot into a PiWars Robot

SKittlebot based on the Initio chassis may actually be a little slow to be a piwars bot, but it's certainly a great 
platform to get the basics down. 

So the plan is a set of experiments, to get the code going, get the PI and power in a good state, then look at making it all faster and lighter.

Major areas to cover:
* Remote - I have a Playstation Six Axis controller. Getting this paired with the device, and repeatable so I have code + PiBakery recipe is expected.
* Straight Line autonomous - build a rig similar to the straight line at piwars - get skittlebot good at touching no sides and going as fast as it can along the line - not that there IS a line to follow on the floor too - which may be easier than other sensors.
* Camera - the over the rainbow challenge, and the rear ultrasonic sensor.
* Spec out replacement chassis - customised:
    * 3D printed or CNC carved?
    * Faster motors.
    * Line follower modules.
    * Power - separate Pi and motor (as skittlebot already does)
    * Make the bottom half only first - get this right, with a simple bracket for the pan/tilt mechanism I already have.
* Test driving WS2801's from a Raspberry Pi.
* Replacement top
    * Get styling here - something unique to orionrobots - possibly doing a few thick structural 3D print areas, but many thin/hollow areas that are purely for style.
    * Consider the WS2801 6 Status LED's at this point.

# Remote

The SixAxis controller is Bluetooth. There is a piborg guide on connecting them up. Lets follow that - and get it driving over bluetooth.